# General Meeting 2022-03-05

**_What happened in the various working groups?_**

### Education WG
* Split up into smaller sub-groups that tackle various topics
* Challenges with how they should communicate
* There is a google doc where you can see what people are working on
  * Link can be found on Miro
* Next thing that they want to work on:
  1. Producing content in the sub-groups 
  2. Collaborate inside the groups
  3. They have a Kanban board to see what different groups are working on

### Development WG

* **Multi Sig UI**
  * 80-90% done
	* New change by IOG, where you can sign transactions partially and submit it 
	* Building transaction works; coordination server is also easy; Connecting the front-end to the transaction is the difficult
* **Done collectively**
  * Collaboration tool built by Randall
	* To capture the collaboration inside a DAO

### Treasury WG

* _Should ADAO set aside Governance Tokens to Aether DAO?_
  * Users can stake their LP tokens to earn originAether
* Tokens would be stored in a smart contract
* Idea is to have users add liquidity to ADAO Pool and the LP they receive can be stacked to receive another token
* _Should ADAO token be distributed via a staking mechanism?_
  * Not ideal, we never stated that anywhere
* Staking portal:
  * Should be open-source and ADAO opts-in 
	* Lot of new tokens, they want to distribute token
	* Staking portal could be a way for partners to distribute tokens
	* Treasury working group could lead that and on-board projects 

### Legal WG

* _Should we do a call about writing a memorendum for a partnership with Liqwid?_
  * Liqwid and ADAO are writing code together
* Liechtenstein foundation:
  * Possibility to Fundraiser to start the foundation; NFT sale with some small donation of ADAO tokens
	* Focused on decntralization
	  * Collaborative event

### Administrative WG
* Desert Demons will be granted the Admin role to work on the redesign of the server


### Marketing WG

* Working on the brand and style guide for ADAO

